README.md, before:

About
------
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/solarkennedy/puppet-etcd.png)](https://travis-ci.org/solarkennedy/puppet-etcd)

This puppet module installs and configures etcd.

WARNING: This module is totally untested. (except for unit tests)

Examples
---------
Simplest invocation, installs etcd via packages, manages a user, puts data in 
`/var/lib/etcd/` and makes sure it runs on localhost:

    class { 'etcd': }

Parameters
----------
This module is in flux. See init.pp for all parameters and their defaults.

Upstart
---------
Etcd doesn't really include an init script, so this provides a basic one for
for upstart-enabled distros. Pull requests welcome to improve this.

Requirements
-----------
It assumes you have a package available called etcd. If you don't have one
[go make one](https://github.com/solarkennedy/etcd-packages)

Contact
-------
Kyle Anderson <kyle@xkyle.com>

Support
-------
Please log tickets and issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/solarkennedy/puppet-etcd/issues)

Commit message:

Bump version number to 0.3.0 to hint at etcd compatibility

README.md, after:

About
------
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/solarkennedy/puppet-etcd.png)](https://travis-ci.org/solarkennedy/puppet-etcd)

This puppet module installs and configures etcd.

WARNING: This module is totally untested. (except for unit tests) It probably 
doesn't work! PR me!

It is designed around the current version of etcd (at time of this writing), 
0.3.0. 

Examples
---------
Simplest invocation, installs etcd via packages, manages a user, puts data in 
`/var/lib/etcd/` and makes sure it runs on localhost:

    class { 'etcd': }

Parameters
----------
This module is in flux. See init.pp for all parameters and their defaults.

Upstart
---------
Etcd doesn't really include an init script, so this provides a basic one for
for upstart-enabled distros. Pull requests welcome to improve this.

Requirements
-----------
It assumes you have a package available called etcd. If you don't have one
[go make one](https://github.com/solarkennedy/etcd-packages)

Contact
-------
Kyle Anderson <kyle@xkyle.com>

Support
-------
Please log tickets and issues on [GitHub](https://github.com/solarkennedy/puppet-etcd/issues)
